check out this week's must-see movie
nice to have you back professor
why don't they why this math of hell
Robert Langdon is back racing across
Europe to foil a deadly plot in Inferno
Dante's Inferno isn't fiction it's a
prophecy how's it going
I don't like being solid Tom Cruise is
running from the law in the action flick
Jack Reacher's never go back when I find
you a little girl is accidentally
possessed in the word killer Ouija two
origin of evil
you know what it feels like to be
strangled today here's this week's fan
tissa patient
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting below see
you next time on weekend ticket